README.md, before:

# Lulzbot klipper macros and settings

Here is where the configuration files of stock Lulzbot machines are maintained. Updates to lulzbot.cfg will be maintained by the Lulzbot team and will take effect as long as the following line is located in printer.cfg.

```
[include lulzbot.cfg]
```

# Setup

to setup lulzbot.cfg updates, run the following

```sh
cd ~
git clone https://github.com/lulzbot3d/lulzbot-config.git
ln -sf ~/lulzbot-config/lulzbot.cfg ~/printer_data/config/lulzbot.cfg
ln -sf ~/lulzbot-config/.macro.cfg ~/printer_data/config/.macro.cfg
ln -sf ~/lulzbot-config/.tool_heads.cfg ~/printer_data/config/.tool_heads.cfg
```

This will clone the lulzbot-config repository to your machine and then create a lulzbot.cfg file which will be used for all future updates.

### How to customize your settings

If you chose to customize your machine, copy the contents of lulzbot.cfg to printer.cfg and future updates will no longer overwrite your customized printer.


This form of updates is inspired by the Mainsail-Crew with [mainsail.cfg](https://github.com/mainsail-crew/mainsail-config) updates.

Commit message:

add moonraker config to readme

README.md, after:

# Lulzbot klipper macros and settings

Here is where the configuration files of stock Lulzbot machines are maintained. Updates to lulzbot.cfg will be maintained by the Lulzbot team and will take effect as long as the following line is located in printer.cfg.

```
[include lulzbot.cfg]
```

## Setup

To setup lulzbot.cfg updates, run the following

```sh
cd ~
git clone https://github.com/lulzbot3d/lulzbot-config.git
ln -sf ~/lulzbot-config/lulzbot.cfg ~/printer_data/config/lulzbot.cfg
ln -sf ~/lulzbot-config/.macro.cfg ~/printer_data/config/.macro.cfg
ln -sf ~/lulzbot-config/.tool_heads.cfg ~/printer_data/config/.tool_heads.cfg
```
### Add updater section

The last thing to add is the moonraker updater call out. This will keep you updated when new releases are avalible to load in.

Locate moonraker.conf on your machine and add the following...

```ini
[update_manager lulzbot-config]
type: git_repo
primary_branch: main
path: ~/lulzbot-config
origin: https://github.com/lulzbot3d/lulzbot-config.git
managed_services: klipper
```

### How to customize your settings

If you chose to customize your machine, copy the contents of lulzbot.cfg to printer.cfg and future updates will no longer overwrite your customized printer.

This form of updates is inspired by the Mainsail-Crew with [mainsail.cfg](https://github.com/mainsail-crew/mainsail-config) updates.
